---
title: "York"
type: 'year'
permalink: /publications/York
collection: 'publications'
doi-color: '#fcab22'
acrobat-color: '#f70e0c'
blogger-color: '#F37100'
---
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Clustering and Embedding Using Commute Times**," In *IEEE Transactions on Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence (PAMI, IF17.861)*, 29(11): 1873-1890. 2007. &nbsp;  <a  href='../files/Clustering and Embedding using Commute_ Times.pdf'  target='_blank'><i  class='fas fa-solid fa-file-pdf'  style='color: {{ page.acrobat-color }}'></i></a>
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Graph Simplification and Matching Using Commute Times**," In *Pattern Recognition (PR, IF7.196)*, 40(10): 2874-2889. 2007. &nbsp;<a  href='../files/Graph Simplification and Matching using Commute _Times.pdf'  target='_blank'><i  class='fas fa-solid fa-file-pdf'  style='color: {{ page.acrobat-color }}'></i></a>
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Graph Matching and Clustering Using Spectral Partitions**," In *Pattern Recognition (PR, IF7.196)*, 39(1): 22-34. 2006. &nbsp;<a  href='../files/GraphMatchingandClusteringusingSpectralPartitions.pdf'  target='_blank'><i  class='fas fa-solid fa-file-pdf'  style='color: {{ page.acrobat-color }}'></i></a>
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Graph Matching Using Commute Time Spanning Trees**," In *Proceedings of the 18th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR 2006)*, HK, pp. 1224-1227. 2006.
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Robust Multi-body Motion Tracking Using Commute Time Clustering**," In *Proceedings of the 9th European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV)*, Austria, pp. 160-173. 2006.
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Graph Embedding Using Commute Time**," In *SSPR/SPR 2006*, pp. 441-449. 2006.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Spanning Trees from the Commute Times of Random Walks on Graphs**," In *ICIAR (2) 2006*, pp. 375-385. 2006.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Image Segmentation Using Commute Times**," In *Proceedings of the 16th British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC 2005)*, UK, pp. 929-938. 2005.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Commute Times, Discrete Green's Functions and Graph Matching**," In *Proceedings of the 13th International Conference on Image Analysis and Processing (ICIAP 2005)*, pp. 454-462. Italy, 2005.  
1. Fan Zhang, Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Evolving Spanning Trees Using the Heat Equation**," In *Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns (CAIP 2005)*, France, pp. 272-279. 2005.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Commute Times for Graph Spectral Clustering**," In *Proceedings of the 11th International Conference on Computer Analysis of Images and Patterns (CAIP 2005)*, France, pp. 128-136. 2005.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**A Robust Graph Partition Method from the Path-weighted Adjacency Matrix**," In *Proceedings of Graph Based Representations in Pattern Recognition (GBRPR 2005)*, France, pp. 362-372. 2005.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Grey Scale Skeletonisation with Curvature Sensitive Noise Damping**," In *Syntactical and Structural Pattern Recognition (SSPR 2004)*, Portugal, pp. 461-469. 2004.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Grey Scale Image Skeletonisation from Noise-Damped Vector Potential**," In *Proceedings of the 17th International Conference on Pattern Recognition (ICPR 2004)*, UK, pp. 839-842. 2004.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Spectral Simplification of Graphs**," In *Proceedings of the 8th European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV)*, Prague, pp. 114-126. 2004.  
1. Huaijun Qiu and Edwin R. Hancock, "**Graph Partition for Matching**," In *Proceedings of Graph Based Representations in Pattern Recognition (GBRPR 2003)*, UK, pp. 178-189. 2003.